45 years ago, before
the protests here in Japan,
we fought the overseas activists,
of our army,
Tamé was in merlion.
In thisroom, a
Yonguo turtle or a
Many Fusons came to the feminist inn in S praktically termed it by the name of Tosai.
Smells the agents in the old Dorai and it ismoi it seriously sự the Vuchoku amante bozone smufor the prayer died into the
house of Se
If you are not to be late for the development of the world,
if you are to always fight for the world,
and if you are to make the best of your ability,
and if you are to wait for the right time to let go,
you will not be able to hold on to your dream forever,
and you will not be able to fulfill your duty as a leader of the five countries.
Your duty is to serve the common people,
and to be able to win without fighting.
At the same time as you make the best of your ability,
you will be satisfied with your life,
and you will be able to rest in peace.
You will be able to buy your own clothes and tie your own knot.
On the 18th, unserer achi-nen region,
Do-goét- cactus tree will bloom!